hi you already hate when people touch
you in their skins all wrinkly skin
behind but I know but what I do hate is
how much of an asshole I become when I
play games - bull would score
oh right hand on the red right hand on
the red
choo-choo-choo-choo choo-choo-choo-choo
me and because of that I really can't
tolerate people who make up rules while
they're playing games I'm sorry
totally kampala rules that's total
bullshit what and you know that they're
the same losers who pull shit like this
oh yeah whatever news let's play again
no hey that counted it didn't count
well suck in that was just a test run
these people they should be on the last
island they have no strategy but no
really I know you guys the same way let
me know a UA and asshole when you play
games but it's alright because I won
stead hold it where what ganders go I
don't know
we will Gandalf go or you be you know
I'm just here for fun because you lost
face it huh no I don't know why it's
just been summer been playing so many
games like they just notice wouldn't ask
how I become had an arm and oh oh
wouldn't it be nice to have all right
now let's see it in the rules buddy I
fell no I'm just kidding you know who
wins though these awesome people who I
bumped into thank you so much for coming
up and saying hi yeah let me know what
you like in full explicit detail cuz I
can give it to you so hot yeah it's
putting busy slash for my time and what
is the duck face I got a lot of comments
about duck face I'm not quite sure I've
ever seen it before so let me know and
further to that
what is this smiling with the eyes my
friend is constantly going on about how
irises you have to smile with the eyes
if you can do the duck pose and the
smile with the eyes let me see it I feel
curious to see it and
it was the font I use I got really upset
it was um
we seen a black light up I think it was
I don't know how you pronounce that yeah
I should have changed I didn't get any
when we pick up on it I guess you did
too smart and yeah I like this comment
so much I was actually from the previous
video but I put it in I like this is a
good call that would hurt me if I were
American that would that would hurt